docs: iteration 3 (#492)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: docs/guides/authentication.md

## Google Cloud Platform

[Create a GCP account](https://cloud.google.com/free) if needed, and then set the environment variable:

> - `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` - Path to (or contents of) a service account JSON key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either one of:
- `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` - Path to a service account JSON key file.
- `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_DATA` - Contents of a service account JSON key file
```

Author: /CC @0x2b3bfa0 on this one :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Either one of:
- `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` - **Path to** a service account JSON key file
- `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_DATA` - **Contents of** a service account JSON key file
```

Reviewer 2: 🔔 @dacbd & @casperdcl, better now?

Author: iirc @0x2b3bfa0 we wanted to soft-deprecate `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS_DATA`? Not sure...

Reviewer 2: I don't recall so. What we wanted to deprecate is `KUBERNETES_CONFIGURATION` in favor of the most consistent `KUBECONFIG_DATA` I think.

Reviewer 2: Google Cloud and Kubernetes only take a path, and that's why we offer these unofficial alternative environment variables, so users don't have to expose secrets as files.
